---
title: Guidelines
---

# Article Guidelines
*Required fields are marked with an asterisk

## `Title` *

Title of the article.

> Example: `Launch of the Beyond Kickboxing Website`

::alert{type="warning"}
Use Title Case Capitalization style for article titles. [Learn more](https://apastyle.apa.org/style-grammar-guidelines/capitalization/title-case)
::

---

## `Slug` *

A unique name in link form that contains readable words instead of technical abbreviations or database IDs.

> Example: `launch-of-the-beyond-kickboxing-website`

::alert{type="warning"}
Use the `Regenerate` function to generate the slug.
::

---

## `Cover` *

Article cover image.

- Format: `.webp`
- Aspect ratio: `16:9`
- Resolution: `1280x720` pixel

> Example: `launch-of-the-beyond-kickboxing-website.webp`

::alert{type="warning"}
Upload the file to the `Article` folder, the file name should correspond to the `Title` of the article.
::

::alert{type="info"}
To resize and save the image in the correct format you can use https://pixlr.com/x/
(If you need help please contact Yod). [see example here](https://gfycat.com/impishharmfulicterinewarbler)
::

---

## `Category` *

Category of the article.

`News`, `Interview` or `Opinion`

---

## `Excerpt` *

A short extract from the content.

> Example: `After 5 months of development the Beyond Kickboxing website has now been released.`

---

## `Content` *

Rich text content of the article.

---

## `SEO` *

::alert{type="danger"}
The information in the SEO component directly affects our ranking in search engines and should be maintained extremely conscientiously!
::

### `metaTitle` *

Will be displayed as the title on: search engine results pages, when sharing in social networks and in the browser tab.

> Example: `Launch of the Beyond Kickboxing website`

::alert{type="info"}
Should be the `Title` or a shortened form of it. (max. 60 characters)
::

---

### `metaDescription` *

Is of equal importance than the title. The meta description is the snippet that displays underneath.

> Example: `After 5 months of development the Beyond Kickboxing website has now been released.`

::alert{type="info"}
Should be the `Excerpt` or a shortened form of it. (min. 50 / max. 160 characters)
::

---

### `metaImage` *

will be displayed as image in social networks etc.

::alert{type="info"}
Should be the same picture as the `Cover`.
::

---

### `Other Fields`

All other fields of the component are optional.